This is the case with teachers recently.
Don't dare you two bastards
Yes, he did not acquire Gorgeous.
Even let our island country issue an announcement saying no
Teacher Luohuaguo
How can a poorly diligent mobile phone predict natural disasters?
This is what we all saw.
A Book
How is it possible? Yunze natural disaster
You've all been sidelined by him.
Oh yes yes yes
That kid Qingfeng is a liar at first glance
Mr. Gen
This Mr. Koizumi is the president of the Academy of Sciences of the Island Nation
And he's also a Nobel Prize winner
Besides, I have already investigated that front.
He's just a minor in the National Academy of Sciences
junior researcher
Could it be that we were really deceived by him?
swallow
Teacher don't worry
I will definitely find a chance for him to apologize in person.
Why look for opportunities?
Isn't there a chance now?
OK
Ah!
Isn't this just a doll, boss?
This is us at the German Academy of Sciences.
The latest intelligent machine
Less than one point
It does a lot of things.
Can make the active technology restore the level
It can also be based on military Wuchang songs
Dangdang children learn
Oops that's awesome
As expected of the technology of the island country
It's a beacon of human technology.
Teacher, you are really amazing
With this robot
Even if he could predict natural disasters
We can also crush him
I've always wanted to participate in volcanic engineering on our island country
He works with our technology
I came to China this time
Just to sign a contract with Director Yue
Then you can use Doraemon first.
Defeat Qin Peng
Expose the flames of his predictions of natural disasters
I'll ask Director Yue to find a relationship
Drive him out of the Chinese Academy of Sciences
Hey, hey.
Why are there so many people in Qingfeng?
Is there any treatment?